This analysis reports the microbial community analysis reported by Johnston, Xu, Vicevic, van Veelen, de Rink, Mol, Keesman and Buisman.

<b>pH influence on polysulfide, internal cell-bound sulfane, and implications for design of the biological desulfurization process at haloalkaline conditions</b>
<br>[paper]() published in xxxxx (xxxx).
<br>

Biological desulfurization utilizes sulfide-oxidizing bacteria (SOB) to transform hydrogen sulfide (H2S) in gas into elemental sulfur. Although this technology has been implemented at a large scale, new questions have arisen after adding a sulfidic bioreactor between the absorber column and micro-oxic bioreactor. These increased sulfidic conditions have been found to enhance sulfur production; however, when applied where gas streams have a low carbon dioxide to H2S ratio (i.e., high pH conditions), the sulfur selectivity decreases while the biological uptake of sulfide increases. The increase in uptake has been hypothesized to be related to polysulfide (Sx2-). This study investigated pH effects on the total Sx2- concentration, total uptake of sulfide, and internal cell-bound sulfane to elucidate the influence on sulfur selectivity in the single and dual-reactor biological desulfurization systems. Total Sx2- concentration increased from ~1.5 mM-S at pH 8.5 to ~5.0 mM-S at pH ~9.3 in the sulfidic reactor, but no significant difference was observed between the absorber columns of both systems. The maximum biological absolute sulfide uptake of ~72% and the maximum internal cell-bound sulfane (0.05±0.01 mg-S mg-N-1) were obtained in the dual-reactor system at pH ~9.3. However, the dual-reactor system at pH ~9.3 had the lowest sulfur selectivity (44.1%±28.7%) and highest thiosulfate selectivity (53.7%±28.4%), indicating increased chemical oxidation of Sx2-. The genus Fodinicurvataceae shifted the most in relative abundance, increasing with pH values, which could be a cause or effect of the increase of thiosulfate. This study provides insight into the SOB use of (poly)sulfide and the potential for the development of new processing schemes.
